Hey what are you doing?
My neighbor died
and he left me this cool couch.
I thought it would be
good in the break room.
Let me give you a hand.
No, no, no. I got it.
Boy, you don't need anybody, do you?
You know, sometimes it's
okay to let someone help you.
Yeah, I'll remember that.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You've got some nodes on your vocal cords.
Nodes?! What the hell are nodes?
You wanted to see us, sir?
Yeah, don't mind the butcher here.
I'm just having my insurance physical.
Afraid we got a killing spree on our hands.
The word "spree" makes it
sound fun, but it isn't.
There's been a murder on the last three
Thursday night evening
flights from New York to L.A.,
all in first class.
Sounds like someone has
it out for rich people.
When are rich people gonna get a break?
You two, head over to L.A.X.,
figure out what the hell is going on.
Meanwhile, the plane's been grounded. Why?
Got in late. Didn't do its homework.
We're on it, Lieutenant.
How's the pressure, Doc?
400/300.
The yoga's really working.
Welcome aboard. May I
see your boarding pass?
3a. 3b.
Enjoy your investigation.
What do we got, Scholls?
The deceased's name is George Prickly...
42, Caucasian, white, early 40s.
Is this gonna take long?
I have a meeting in
Playa Vista in 15 minutes.
Wait, are we sure he's dead?
Yes, the nerves are the last thing to die,
so the body may experience some
postmortem reflexive movement.
If he were alive, would I do this?
Where's my warm cookie?
Do we know how he died?
I do.
Is there anyone from the flight crew
we can talk to who might
have witnessed the murder?
The first-class flight attendant
was on duty the entire time,
a Vivian Tribeca.
Oh, no.
My ears are burning!
Angie Tribeca, as I live and breathe.
Are you guys related?
She's my second cousin once removed.
Why was she removed?
Because she's really annoying.
Hey, Vivian.
And who is this extra-large
helping of banana man pie?
Those flirtatious gestures
are making me really like her.
So, Vivian, I forgot that
you work at Air Jordan now.
It does help me stay out of trouble.
What helps you stay out of trouble?
Well, I've got my police work.
I like to go to the gym as often as I can.
Whatever you're doing,
it's working for you.
Okay, Vivian, what can you
tell us about Mr. Prickly?
Excuse my language,
but he was a real bee in my bonnet.
"More this. Less that."
But I certainly didn't
wish any harm on him.
Oh, I just feel woozy thinking about it.
Ohh.
Let me help you.
Thank you, sir.
I don't know what's wrong with me.
Well, you've been through a
very traumatic situation, ma'am.
It's brave of you to even talk to us.
Me? Brave?
My goodness gracious to bitsy Betsy,
if you aren't the most wonderful gentleman
on god's great big blue marble.
Vivian, we need you to focus up
and answer some questions
about what happened.
Take it easy, Tribeca.
She's been through a lot.
Do you need a ride home, Vivian?
Yes, I think taken to bed
would be in my best interest.
I'm just so scared.
Why don't I drive your cousin home,
and you finish up here?
We're in the middle of
an investigation, Geils.
You don't need me. You're fine on your own.
Oh, my word.
My buttons seem to have come undone.
I can't believe that
works. It's so obvious.
"Ooh, I'm so sweaty."
My underwear just went sliding off."
Want to grab a cup of coffee sometime?
Did you come up with anything
from the passenger manifests?
Two.
There's 800 names on the manifest.
And how many were on all three flights?
40. And then we eliminated
the kids, the elderly,
and members of the clergy.
And how many did that leave?
Two... Julia Gaffney and Gordon Manhattan.
Why don't you interview Gaffney?
I'll take Manhattan with Geils,
- if I can ever pry him away from my cousin.
- Hum
Hi.
Uh, two chicken and two
carne fish for my friend here.
Wait a minute. Are you jealous, Tribeca?
Don't be ridiculous.
Don't sweat it, Tribeca.
There's nothing wrong
with admitting that you need somebody.
I don't need anybody, and I never will.
Never say "never."
Uh, I take the kids to New York
because my mother lives there.
Uh, Julian, for god's sakes,
get the detective's pen out of your nose.
He's not contagious anymore. You're fine.
Do you recall seeing this
man on last week's flight?
That guy... yeah.
That guy... you know... Oh, Grace, come on!
Leave the detective alone.
Uh, sorry. Yes.
So, we were at the airport,
and that's the guy who
started yelling at my kids.
I mean, nobody yells at my kids.
For god's sakes, Philip!
Here, take her, will you?
Come here.
Do you remember what happened last time?
You were 7. Now you're 5.
Let me cut to the chase, ma'am.
Um, this guy was found
murdered on your flight.
Oh, and you think I have the time.
To put together a murder?
I mean, I wish I c...
Keith Urban Harrison Ford Gaffney!
What have I told you about
the riding mower in the house?!
Okay, ma'am. No further questions.
You're the cutest puppy.
Sorry I'm late.
Vivian came down with
a case of the vapors...
At least, that's what she declared.
I couldn't care less.
Let's just find out what this guy knows.
Excuse me, we're looking
for Gordon Manhattan.
That's me.
L.A.P.D., sir. We want to talk to you
about your recent flight from New York.
Are you aware that someone
was murdered on that flight
and now he's dead?
We need you to tell us
if you recognize this man.
Hold on.
Oh, that guy?
Whoever killed him deserves an award.
What makes you say that?
I've been saving miles for years now,
commuting back and forth to
New York to see the girlfriend.
I finally get the upgrade.
That's when this jackass steps up
and pays cash for the
last seat in first class.
He actually turned to
me and said, "boo-hoo."
So that's why you killed him.
Believe me...
I would have killed
him, but they don't let.
People in coach kill people in first class.
That's true. That's a rule.
So this is a dead end.
Why don't we get back to the precinct
and see if forensics had better luck?
Thank you for your time, sir.
You're welcome.
I hope you found something
because we have no leads
and the next murder flight
leaves in three hours.
I hope you found something
because we have no leads
and the next murder flight
leaves in three hours.
As a matter of fact, we did.
Dr. Edelweiss?
Ah, detectives. I'll be right with you.
Dr. Scholls,
show the detectives what you showed me.
We found something interesting
in the victim's lungs.
Phew!
Killed by a chicken.
Unlikely.
There were only two
chickens on that flight,
and they both have alibis.
However, these feathers
match exactly the ones found
in an airplane pillow.
The cause of death was asphyxiation,
or smothering in layman's terms.
What does "layman's terms" mean?
So, who's the killer?
Well, perhaps if we test
one of these feathers
in the gas chromatograph,
it may point us to something
the killer was exposed to.
Traces of, um, salbutamol.
And traces of ipratropium bromide...
Chemicals commonly found
in standard inhalers.
Mm.
Your killer's an asthmatic.
The two of you on a
plane cut off from backup?
It's too risky!
You don't even know
what you're looking for.
We know the murderer is asthmatic,
and if the pattern holds, he's gonna kill
another first-class passenger tonight.
Also, I'm really worried about Vivian
on that plane all by herself.
She's a flight attendant.
What's your problem with Vivian?
I'm just so sick of her helpless routine.
You know what I like
about your cousin, Angie?
She's not afraid of
admitting she needs somebody.
Also, amazing breasts.
I felt like that had to be said.
If you kids are finished,
we have a murderer to catch.
You, me, Tanner, and Geils are
going undercover on that flight,
that is, if you two think
you can work together.
Mumble, mumble.
I'm sorry?
I said, "mumble, mumble."
All right.
Let's go stop a murder.
Now?
Wait.
Now.
Pilot. Co-pilot.
- Flight attendant.
43d.
Yes! A row to myself!
43c and "e."
Oh, look who it is.
Grace, Julian, go sit next
to your Uncle Detective.
Here you go.
Grab that for me. Okay.
Uh, yeah, Keith, to the back.
Ben, James.
Can I have a hot towel, please?
Of course, sir.
Thank you.
There is no need to raise your voice.
At me like that, sir.
Now, you may use your leaf blower
when we have reached 10,000 feet
and not a moment before.
If you're not careful,
they'll drive you crazy.
Sometimes, just to amuse myself,
I serve them toilet water.
Here you go, sir.
Mmm, air juice.
I guess we should take off.
I didn't know you could fly a plane.
I can't. I thought you could.
How hard could it be?
How do you fly a 767?
Playing James Taylor,
"You've Got A Friend."
No!
Give it a shot.
Good job, Geils.
You know, this actually might be fun.
What about a little music?
Absolutely.
Play James Taylor's "You've Got A Friend."
The Boeing 767 is one of the
most user-friendly aircraft
in the fleet.
This is your pilot!
It looks like we've reached
our cruising altitude of...
35,000 feet.
Looks like a smooth flight
to New York, so relax,
enjoy the ride, and watch
out for the murderer.
Psst.
It's me.
See anything suspicious?
Negative.
Still on the lookout for an inhaler
and anyone trying to kill
someone with a pillow.
Good thinking.
I'm gonna go study up on
landing before we get there.
Hey, Geils.
Yeah, you need something?
No.
Just be careful.
Will do.
Ohh!
Aah.
Hey!
Never mind.
Excuse me.
Hm? Could I get another diet soda?
Sure thing, sugar blossom.
And can I get the can?
I'm so sorry, sir, but it is our policy
to serve you a small cup of soda
and leave the mostly full can on the cart.
This is B.S.
How come sometimes you get the
can and sometimes you don't?
Sir, I'm gonna ask you not
to use that language with me.
You are in the presence
of a lady, after all.
This is first class, and you're a waitress,
so bring me the can or bring me the pilot.
Sir, I declare you are being
as rude as a crocodile with a bellyache.
Bring me the can, sky whore.
I'll give you the can!
Here's your can! You like it?!
You like that can?!
You got the whole can all to yourself!
Would you be a dear and
hold this for a minute?
It was you, Vivian!
You're the murderer.
These people just have no manners,
and that is something I will not tolerate.
Hand over the pillow, Vivian.
Ohh!
Oh, can I get a blanket, please?
Yes, of course.
Excuse me. I ordered the kosher meal.
Oh, I am so sorry, ma'am.
Excuse me. My movie's not loading.
We had to reset the system.
It's gonna take about 10 minutes, sir.
This is the worst day of my life.
Excuse me. I'm having chest pains.
Clear!
Oh, that's much better. Thank you.
Freeze, Vivian!
Put your hands in the
full upright position!
We'll be right with you.
I spy with my little eye
something that starts with a... "C."
Cloud.
You're good at this.
Tribeca, report in.
It's Vivian! She's the murderer!
She's jealous.
Okay, Tribeca, Vivian's the murderer.
Copy that. Talk to you later.
No, it's true!
She tried to smother a
passenger and used an inhaler.
Oh, my god, what have I done?
Tribeca, hang on. Geils
is gonna back you up.
No! I've got it!
- She's impossible!
- Go!
Try not to be afraid.
Angie Tribeca, open this door right now.
I'm fine.
If you need help, you better say so.
I'm not kidding around. I'm good.
You're skating on thin ice, young lady.
You sure you don't need my help?
Oh, yeah.
That's it. I'm coming in.
Aah!
Vivian, why?!
Because these people are
a bunch of ungrateful pigs!
"Bring me a pillow! Make it hotter!"
Make it colder! Stop
it. You're killing me!"
Oh, blow it out your ass!
Vivian Tribeca, you're under arrest.
Never!
L.A.P.D.
Hang on. Let me get my gun.
That's my gun. I'm cuffing her.
Oh, wait. No, that's my hand.
Who's touching my leg?
Someone is touching my leg.
Sorry.
Yeah, it's a real pay
phone. I'll call you back.
Hey, good work last night.
Oh, you, too.
Let me help you with that.
Sure. That would be nice.
Holy shit! What's in here?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org